# <a href="https://lazystack.io">LazyStack</a>
LazyStack is a passion project by a couple of nerds. We love generated code 
but we don't love the pricing models of existing low-code platforms 
(or being locked into their eco-system). This made us ask: "What if you 
could field an entire application using only the 'free-tier' of cloud 
providers". That way, you could demonstrate revenue to investors before
 committing serious capital. Luckily, Microsoft .Net and C# provides 
almost everything we need... if only we had a way of connecting it to
 the undisputed king of cloud: AWS. Enter 'LazyStack', our one stop shop
 for C# front-end/AWS back-end solutions. Install our free Visual Studio 
extension and leapfrog months of development with a single click.
## LazyStack Libraries
This repo contains a number of open-source MIT licensed libraries and tools that 
support stacks generated by LazyStack.  However, our intention is to ensure that 
these libraries are useful even if you are not using LazyStack to generate your stacks.

- LazyStackAuth -- generalized authentication model with support for AWS Cognito.
- LazyStackAuthTest -- integration tests.
- LazyStackGetAwsSettings -- .NET console app that retrieves client app settings from AWS.
- LazyStackAuthConsoleApp -- .NET console app demonstrating authentication and secure calls.
- LazyStackDynamoDBRepo -- an opinionated CRUDL library for DynamoDB to accelerate development.

## LazyStack Generator
LazyStack ingests an OpenApi (swagger) REST API specification and generates the AWS Server Application Model (SAM) 
configuration and C# projects necessary to stand up a fully featured commercial-grade application stack in AWS. 
It also generates a client application SDK making it simple to call that stack from C# applications.

A forever free version of the LazyStack Generator is available in the Visual Studio Extensions Marketplace and as a 
.NET Core CLI tool.

## Documentation
LazyStack has extensive <a href="https://lazystack.io">documentation</a>. 

## Insight Sciences Corporation (InSciCo)
LazyStack is sponsored by InSciCo.